# D1. Inception

_Group 02 - "Timely"_\
_Group Members: Brody England, Christian Butler, Dylan Hyer, Ian Nieto, Nyle Huntley, Sofia Mendoza_

## 1. Introduction

Intro here

## 2. Initial value proposition and customer segments

**IVP:**

IVP here

**Customer segments:**

Customer segments here

## 3. Interviews summary

### 1. Jesse Quinones Jr.

Nyle Huntley interviewed Jesse Quinones Jr.

**When** 

17 September 2024

**Customer segments represented** 

University student, Business major

**Key insights from the interview**

For people with busy schedules that need to schedule meetings, the website would be very helpful. Some kind of integration with Canvas or any platform where other course material is stored would be great. Automatically importing class schedules would be a useful feature, but privacy for peoples' class schedules is very important. People might necessarily want to share all or any of their class schedules, so having a way to obscure schedules and just show general availability of everyone would be nice. Importing class assignment deadlines into schedules would be useful to keep everybody on track. Jesse doesn't mind putting together meeting times with small groups or if it's just a one-off meeting. However, he shared that repeated meetings or meetings with large (6+) member counts would be annoying to organize without some tool.

**Representative quotes**

When asked what he thought about group meetings outside of class, Jesse said "I hate having to schedule meetings with my groups, it's such a tedious process"

**Assessment**

Nice to Have - would rather have the scheduling tool than not have it\
Must have - optional privacy features to hide your schedule from group members is very important

### 2. Aiden Rodriguez

Nyle Huntley interviewed Aiden Rodriguez

**When** 

18 September 2024

**Customer segments represented** 

University student, human development and family science major, works with other students

**Key insights from the interview**

Aiden has worked with hundreds of students in his many university jobs and has had to schedule countless meetings. He personally doesn't mind going through the hassle of scheduling meetings with his peers by whatever means are presented to him. However, he mentions that a tool that makes scheduling meetings easier would be a huge boon for students who are otherwise struggling or are generally swamped by school and work. He's really fond of the idea of importing other people's schedules on their behalves and using those to find a solid meeting time for everybody, so having a tool to automate that would be really useful for him. 

**Representative quotes**

"Scheduling f***ing sucks man, making a tool to allow students to not worry about that issue makes things so much easier."\
In regards to the automated scheduling tool, Aiden said "That would make my life so much more comfortable... Having something to just do that for us would be so nice."

**Assessment**

Must have
